Update Wallets (#34)
howardwu/awesome-aleo: README.md

- [(Unofficial) Account SDK](https://github.com/qqmee/aleo-sdk) - An unofficial account SDK for Aleo
- [Leo Wallet](https://leo.app/) - A simple and private wallet for Aleo. Early access waitlist now open.
- [Leo Wallet Adapter SDK](https://github.com/demox-labs/aleo-wallet-adapter) - A SDK for integrating with the Leo wallet

> - [Soter | Aleo Wallet](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/soter-aleo-wallet/kfpmpkkjaohgchlokcohbaokindffdjk) - A safe and fast chrome extention wallet for Aleo blockchain
> - [Aleo Acceleration Service](https://github.com/Aleo123Dev/aleo-acceleration-service) - Aleo wallet acceleration service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Soter Aleo Wallet](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/soter-aleo-wallet/kfpmpkkjaohgchlokcohbaokindffdjk) - A chrome extention wallet for the Aleo blockchain.
- [Aleo Acceleration Service](https://github.com/Aleo123Dev/aleo-acceleration-service) - A node provider application built with the Tauri framework. 
```
